---
id: methodology
title: Methodology
sidebar_label: Methodology
---

## What is Workflower?
Think of Workflower as a highly-specialized pivot table which abstracts away significant amounts of labor.

Workflower is designed to simplify repetitive, high-volume business operations by automating certain clerical items. By applying established business logic to software, Workflower uses data from multiple sources to calculate appropriate outcomes and generate output files that replace manual setup steps.

## What does it do *specifically*?
When Lender DR partners have new dealers they want included in their various programs, they often send us a spreadsheet listing all (or some) of the dealerships that they want us to configure. What makes this complicated is that they almost always are providing data using their own internal identifications.

Workflower is aware of the nuanced differences between various partners - including their internal ID systems. WF analyzes these submissions for a number of criteria automatically and produces output accordingly. For example; Workflower will check Dealertrack enrollment, succesful dealer matches, that partner-defined criteria are met and so forth.

## Terms

- **Request File** - Typicall a CSV from the partner which includes information about dealer they're asking us to implement.

- **Reference File** - A report pulled from Dealertrack > Partner Reports which lists all dealers matched to a specific partner.

- **Live IDs** or **Exclusion Set** - A list of IDS (dealertrack or partner) that represent anything already implemented.

## Story of a Request

We start by converting the **Requested File** and the **Reference File** into a standard format for analysis. This is handled automatically by Workflower when you upload these files.

Next, we indiciate which partner these files reference so the appropriate configurations are applied to the analysis and outputs. Ex: "BOA" or "DRW"

Now we "Generate Results" which works, broadly like so:

- For each dealer on the **Request File**:
- Check that they meet partner requirements (such as "Program Active Status") as defined in thier configuration preferences.
- Check for a matching Dealertrack account.
- Flag anything without a match.
- Check Enrollment Phase for all matches.
- Exclude anything that was listed in our "live IDS"
- Anything listed as "live IDS" but missing from the request file will also be called out for cancellations.

The results of this are presented to you as soon as they are ready. (This can take 5-15 seconds for large programs.)

## Generating Our Output

The results will include several buckets - including "Ready for Implementation". A button will be shown for any outputs the partner is configured to use (such as eBiz and Finance Driver).

- Upload the eBiz File to the appropriate profile in the EBS Suite
- Place the FD Provisioning file in the approrpaite FTP folder.
- Email product subscription with the generated attachment.
- You're done!
